oh yeah I went to the doctors again
today and they prescribed me with some
new cream
it's called rose x gel I've got a new
cream because the doctor rang up the
doctor today and I said that my Venetia
cream wasn't working very well I didn't
think and still got red cheeks and still
got some scars which are clearing up so
I'll give him coming today and we just
wanted to know get some advice really to
do so he said and they just could
prescribe you some new cream to the rose
X and if this doesn't work then go on to
some anti biotics I don't want to take
any antibiotics and really so I'm hoping
this is going to work so I've got try
this the next four weeks see how that
goes
I'll clear up and so this week I have
got a new concealer this one is by gosh
gosh cosmetics called
touch-up and it's in green which is to
unhide the redness so I was using that
this week and it's ever so good clever
little product comes in and I'll chew
it's got on the brush little brush at
the end so just going to show you
quickly and this works that the green
counteracts the red I've got a few red
spots I've haven't got any makeup on
'sister plague face so I'm just going to
put some one just to show you quickly
I'm not doing a full facial today so I
just sort of split that on there like
more Kate and then that's what my thumb
just sort of dab it on the area
a little bit more on there I think
this will blend it in really with your
finger see it's going slightly blue
what's that side so just dab on a little
bit a little bit more on there not over
my little acne scars there okay see
that's gone greeny blue a color I'll put
a little bit more just up there okay so
what I do next is I don't wear
foundation don't like it's too thick so
what I've got is a Nivea Brandes of
tinted moisturizer the natural day cream
when they use that it's quite and it's
quite greasy it's quite makes your face
Chinese so I just put pressed powder
just brush it over there and I think it
looks pretty good so we're going to just
put a little bit just put a little bit
on my thumb that just look matte okay so
that's the green and now I just put just
a little bit of foundation on there well
now it's some tinted moisturizer
that's Sedna quite well more red areas
there it's one pretty well so that's my
gosh green because yeah that's that
looks pretty well for me so until next
time that's it for now you guys soon bye